♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Jet to the rescue ♪
♪ Whenever they are needed ♪
\h\h\h♪ When things
are looking tough ♪
♪ The pups take flight to save
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthe day ♪
♪ The super sonic way ♪
♪ Chase, Marshall ♪
♪ Rubble, Zuma ♪
♪ Rocky, Everest ♪
♪ Tracker, Skye ♪
♪ There’s no height too high
\h\h\h\hwhen the pups fly ♪
♪ PAW Patrol rules the sky ♪
♪ So look up high,
\h\h\hPAW Patrol ♪
♪ Jet To The Rescue Pups ♪
♪
SKYE:
What do you think of Barkingburg
on your first visit, guys?
EVEREST:
It's amazing!
Tracker, look at all those old
buildings!
The city is magnífico!
(Clock ringing loudly)
It even sounds magnificent!
Now can you tell us what the
big surprise is, Ryder?
Yeah, tell us!
Please!
Come on, Ryder!
Tell us, dude!
Okay, pups. Now that we're here,
I can play you this important
message from the Princess.
To Ryder and the PAW Patrol,
you're my only hope.
I urgently need you to come to
Barkingburg Castle...
(All gasping)
To join me for my royal
birthday party!
A birthday party?!
So cool!
Pawesome!
Cool!
Yay!
(Pups cheering, howling)
Yay, we're here!
Whoo-hoo! Party time!
Ladies and gentlemen, I present
Her Royal Highness,
the Princess of Barkingburg!
(Crowd cheering, applauding)
Thank you all for coming
to my party.
Earl, please announce my
special friends.
First up, the lovable, adorable,
positively regal Royal Kittens!
Henry and Elizabeth.
(Applauding)
Kittens before me?!
The Royal Pup, Sweetie.
That's more like it.
(Blowing nose)
People of Barkingburg--
EARL:
Ryder! And the PAW Patrol!
(Crowd cheering)
Hey, I think they like us!
Yeah, I can really feel
the love.
Buzby! They're cheering louder
for the PAW Patrol
than they did for me.
When I'm queen,
I'll be the only pup people
cheer for!
ALL:
Happy Birthday, Princess!
Feliz cumpleaños, Princesa!
Muchas gracias, Tracker!
Encantada de conocerlo!
I'm delighted to meet you.
Did you hear that? She's glad
to meet me!
(Giggling)
And you must be Everest!
I've heard of your many daring
rescues on ice or snow--
I'm ready to go!
We have a special surprise
planned for you, Your Highness.
We'll give it to you after
the party.
I can't wait! I love surprises!
(Doors opening)
Hello, Barkingburg!
I hope I'm not too late
for the party!
Would you please announce me?
I'm--
(Whispering)
The Duke of Flappington!
What?
The Duke of Flappington?
Where's that?
I've never heard of it.
Hm, I didn't see his name on the
invitation list.
Happy Birthday, cousin!
I didn't know I had a cousin.
Yes, Your Highness. He's from a
distant branch of the family.
Well, it's a pleasure to meet
you, cousin, Duke of Yappington!
(Laughing)
That's Flappington. It's just a
short flight away. Zoom!
Hm, is that a pilot's uniform
you're wearing?
It is! I'm an excellent flyer.
I'd live in the sky if I could!
You're a pilot too? I'm always
"up" for meeting another flyer!
(Bird screeching)
Augh! An eagle!
(Shouting in panic)
RYDER:
Pups, protect the Princess!
Don't be afraid.
It's just my pet eagle,
Jean-Clawed! Caw-cah-caw?
(Squawking)
Caw, caw, cah-caw, caw!
(Squeaking)
Oh, what a relief.
Are you okay, Skye?
I'm fine, I'm just really
afraid of eagles.
Don't be frightened, I trained
him myself.
Jean-Clawed, bow to the
Princess.
♪
What charming manners you have,
Jean-Clawed.
(Trumpet sounding)
Oh, Your Highness,
it's time to receive your royal
birthday present!
A royal present? What
could it be?
The Earl of Barkingburg!
That's a pawesome security
feature!
Only the Earl's voice can turn
off the laser beams.
I give you...
the Gem of Barkingburg!
Whoa, it's amazing!
Shiny.
There it is.
Thank you, Earl. It's beautiful.
Why haven't I seen this before?
Because it's only given to the
future king or queen--
When they reach the age of ten!
Is how these royal customs
usually go.
Buzby, if I had that gem, I'd be
the future queen!
(Trumpet sounding)
Ah, Your Highness, that
means it's time
for you to cut your
birthday cake.
I'll try the gem on later.
Follow me to the banquet hall,
everyone!
(Guests cheering)
♪
Now's my chance to take
the gem, Buzby!
Now's my chance to take the gem,
Jean-Clawed!
Oof!
(Squawking)
(Beeping)
What are you doing by the royal
vault, your Dukeness?
Oh, I was just hoping to
get another look at the gem
because it's just like mine.
That looks just like the
Gem of Barkingburg,
only it's yellow!
It's the Gem of Flappington.
Legend says when the two gems
are united,
they become all-powerful.
Really? Powerful enough to, say,
make someone queen?
Why don't you try to open the
vault and find out?
But only the Earl can
open the vault
without setting off the alarm.
Or someone with a very
sneaky plan.
Someone like you, Sweetie?
Help me take the gem of
Barkingburg
and I'll share the power and the
throne with you.
You'll be queen.
Queen?! It's a deal!
PRINCESS:
Do you have to leave so early?
The party is just getting
started!
We'll be back soon, Your
Highness,
with your birthday surprise!
(Alarm blaring)
Un alarma! An alarm! It's coming
from the Throne Room!
Good heavens! Someone is trying
to break into the Royal Vault!
(Alarm blaring, shutting down)
CHASE:
There!
Someone's sneaking out of
the Throne Room!
Follow him!
(Barking)
My Princess, I just saw a
thief run off
with the Gem of Barkingburg!
That's impossible. Only my voice
can open the vault!
The vault is still closed,
Sweetie.
But I'm sure I saw the thief
with the gem!
The Earl of Barkingburg.
(Sighing)
Silly Sweetie, the gem is
still safe.
Oh, thank goodness.
What happened to the lights?
♪
Oh no!
Now the gem really
is gone!
The thief must've snuck back in
when the lights went off!
Oh dear, we must run
and tell the PAW Patrol!
The plan is working perfectly!
(Laughing, snorting)
(Barking)
Stop!
\h\h\hIn the name of the
Princess of Barkingburg!
PAW Patrol, the Gem of
\h\h\h\h\hBarkingburg
is missing from the royal vault!
We’ve got to catch that thief!
(Barking)
(Gasping)
♪
He’s going into a secret
\h\h\h\h\h\hpassageway!
(Barking)
(Laughing, snorting)
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCHASE:
He must’ve gone up this way!
(Gears clanking)
Huh?
Give back the gem of
\h\h\h\hBarkingburg!
\h\h\h\h\hCHASE:
The stairs end!
Uh-oh!
Oh no! It’s a trap!
I’ve got to warn Ryder!
\h\h\h\h\h\h(Screaming)
Jean-Clawed? What are you
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hdoing here?!
(All shouting)
(Jean-Clawed screeching)
Ryder! I’m too late!
(All shouting)
Jump!
Whoa!
(Shouting)
(Groaning)
Whoa!
\h\hWhoa!
(Clanking)
(Faint beeping)
\h\h\h\hRYDER:
Where are we?
It sounds like they’re trapped
\h\h\hsomewhere in the castle!
We’ve got to find them! But how?
I saw the thief pull a lever in
the secret passageway.
He knows where they are!
What have you done with Ryder
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hand our friends?
(Barking)
Ugh! They were supposed to be
\h\h\htrapped with the others!
No problem. I’ll get the drop on
them another way!
Watch out!
Fine! If I can’t trap them
\h\h\h\hinside the castle,
I’ll trap them outside it!
The gem is ours.
(Laughing)
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hYeah.
Which way did he go?
Huh?
EVEREST:
\hWhat?!
Oh no! How do we get back inside
to rescue Ryder and the others?!
(Sighing)
I couldn’t warn them in time.
I was too scared of that eagle.
It’s okay, Skye.
We’ll get them out together.
Let’s try calling Ryder.
If we can reach him, he can tell
us where he is.
Good idea! Everest to Ryder.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hAre you there?
Nada! Nothing!
We’re going to have to find a
\h\hway back into the castle.
Oh, how it sparkles and shines!
(Laughing)
Our plan worked, Jean-Clawed!
\h\hNow give me the Gem
of Barkingburg, Sweetie.
You should call me Queen now.
Fine, give me the gem,
\h\h\h\hQueen Sweetie.
It’s all yours. For now.
(Laughing)
♪
At last!
Look at that!
This ancient scepter was made
\h\h\h\h\h\hto hold the gems.
Now let’s see what their
\h\h\h\h\hpower can do.
Whoa!
Hey! The throne, it’s--
Flying! The gems have the power
to make things fly.
\h\h\h\hGive me the scepter!
It’s my turn to try it out!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWhy would I,
the new King of Barkingburg,
share my power with you,
a mere pup?
Pup? You said I’d be queen!
\h\h\h\h(Growling)
Give me that gem!
(Grunting)
Give it to me!
(Jean-Clawed screeching)
♪
Ah-hah! Attention, passengers,
you’re about to make
\h\ha water landing.
(Shouting)
Enjoy your swim, Sweetie!
\hHow dare you treat the future
Queen of Barkingburg like this?
I’m flying, Jean-Clawed!
Just how powerful is this
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hscepter?
♪
Yes! I don’t have to rule
\h\h\h\h\h\hon the ground!
I can be king of the sky!
(Laughing)
Whoa!
I’ll build myself a city
in the clouds!
But I can’t rule my domain from
this silly chair.
Ah! I have just the thing!
♪
(Grunting)
We’ll never get past
\h\h\h\hthese doors.
Shh! Escuchen! Listen!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI hear something!
(Faint beeping)
♪
(Splashing)
How dare he lift my kingdom
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hinto the sky?!
Whoa! What’s going on?
Where is that beam coming from?
♪
From that giant eagle!
Princess! Are you all right?
I’m fine. My birthday party has
turned into quite an adventure.
\h\hWe must have landed in a
long-forgotten storage room.
PAW Patrol, report!
Chase here!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hRocky here!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hZuma here!
Rubble’s in the
house!
I’m good!
I mean, it’s me. Marshall.
So that means Skye, Tracker and
Everest aren’t here.
They didn’t get caught
\h\h\h\h\hin the trap!
Maybe they can help us.
Skye, Tracker, Everest,
\h\h\h\hdo you read me?
There’s no answer.
These super-thick stone walls
must be blocking your
\h\h\h\hsignal, Ryder.
Then we’ll have to explore the
\hroom and look for a way out.
Whoa-oh-oh!
Look out, Marshall!
That wipeout was pillowy soft!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h(Laughing)
Oh, Marshall.
Marshall, you found something!
I did?
This stone has markings on it!
ZUMA: A window!
Things are looking up, pups!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSKYE:
All of Barkingburg is being
\h\h\h\hlifted into the sky!
(Humming)
\h\h\h\h\hDad, do they have
flying cars in Barkingburg?
(Chuckling)
Cars can’t fly, son.
(Gasping)
\h\hWhat?!
People are inside those houses
\h\h\h\h\h\hand cars up there!
We have to help them!
How are we going to stop that
\h\h\h\h\hgiant eagle though?
Wait, I hear something!
That’s the sound of an engine!
It’s coming from the giant
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\heagle!
(Engine roaring)
You’re right, Tracker!
\h\hThat’s not a bird.
It’s a jet that just looks
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hlike one.
A giant scary eagle jet still
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hlooks like
a giant scary eagle to me!
\h\h\h\h\h\hDUKE:
I can see my house
\h\hfrom up here!
Oh, wait. I meant "your house."
♪
Ahh, this is so much better than
ruling from a throne!
Cah-caw, caw!
(Squawking)
Cah-caw, cah-caw! Who is king
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hof the sky?
It’s me. And I’m also a fabulous
pilot if I do say so myself.
Aren’t I, Jean-Clawed?
I can’t see who’s flying it
\h\h\h\h\h\hfrom down here.
Oh no, it’s the pups!
Sweetie!
\h\h\h\h(Shrieking)
It wasn’t my fault!
Barkingburg is in danger!
Ryder and the others are trapped
in the castle. Can you help us?
Wait, did you say you
\h\h\h\hwant my help?
Sorry. I only help me.
Oh no! Look up there!
That giant eagle jet is
\h\h\h\h\h\hcoming back!
(Gasping)
Huh? She’s gone!
We should’ve known she’d run
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hfrom trouble.
Let’s see if I can get
\h\h\h\ha signal now.
Yes! Ryder to Skye, Tracker
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hand Everest.
Can you read me?
ALL: It’s Ryder!
We’re here, Ryder!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hIt’s us!
Estamos aquí!
(Cheering)
Well done!
Ryder, we’re trapped outside
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthe castle!
And someone in a giant eagle jet
is using a strange beam to lift
Barkingburg into the sky!
RYDER: What?!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h(Gasping)
No way!
We’re still trapped inside the
\h\h\h\hcastle, so I need you
to take the Mission Cruiser to
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hheadquarters.
So this is a...
\h\h\h\hALL:
Mission PAW?
Yep! And Skye is going
\h\h\h\h\hto lead it!
Pawesome!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hYeah!
\h\h\h\h\h\hROCKY:
All right! Go Skye!
You want me to lead the mission?
\h\hYou’re our most experienced
flier, I know you can handle it.
No eagle jet is too big,
\hno Skye is too small.
Everest, Tracker, Skye, to
\h\hMission Headquarters!
\h\h\h\h\h\hALL:
Ryder needs us!
(Barking, howling)
♪
Robo-Dog, put your metal
\h\h\h\h\h\hto the pedal
and take us to Mission
\h\h\h\hHeadquarters.
(Barking)
(Tires squealing)
♪
(Barking)
Ryder? We’re mission ready.
Thanks for hustling, pups.
\h\h\hHere’s what we know.
The Gem of Barkingburg has
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbeen stolen.
And now someone in an eagle jet
is raising Barkingburg
\h\h\h\h\hinto the sky.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBOY:
What? Oh my goodness!
Could the thief be the same
\h\hperson in the eagle jet?
You might be right, Skye.
We’ve been captured so it’s up
\h\h\hto you three to stop him
and help the people of
\h\h\h\h\hBarkingburg.
But how are we gonna save them
\h\h\h\h\h\hway up in the air?
You’ve got the perfect gear for
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthis mission.
All new flight suits and
\h\h\h\hhigh-speed jets!
We’re going to fly?!
Cool!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hYes!
What if the eagle jet pilot
\h\h\h\h\h\hsees us, Ryder?
Your jets have a super secret
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hstealth mode
so you won’t be seen on
\h\h\h\h\h\hany radar.
Tracker, your jet is equipped
\hwith cables so you can pull
the floating cars back
\h\h\h\hto the ground.
I’ll fly to the rescue! Volaré
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hal rescate!
And Everest, your jet
\h\h\h\h\hhas a claw
to help you rescue anyone in
\h\h\hthe floating buildings.
In the air, Everest is there!
And Skye, you’ll need to fly
your jet up to the big eagle
and stop whoever is raising
\hBarkingburg into the sky.
You mean I’ll have to get
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hclose to it?
I know you’re afraid of eagles,
\h\h\h\h\hbut I believe in you.
Just remember, it’s a jet,
\h\h\h\h\hnot a real eagle.
Okay...
We’ll find a way out
\h\h\h\hof the castle
and join you as soon as we can.
All right, Mission PAW
\h\h\h\his on a roll!
♪
\h\h\h♪ PAW Patrol,
go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
(Engines firing up)
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
I’ve never flown this
\h\h\h\h\hfast before!
So this is what jet speed
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hfeels like!
♪ Jet To The Rescue Pups ♪
Mission team! Go into
\h\h\h\h\hrescue mode,
and look for people who
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hneed help.
I’ll go check out that...
(Gulping)
Eagle jet.
(Barking)
\h\h\hBOTH:
Rescue mode!
♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
Huh, it’s really breezy today.
Whoa, whoa, oh my goodness!
Hold on, Ma’am!
I’ll fly you to the ground!
(Barking)
\h\hClaw!
♪
(Meowing)
Oh no!
(Yowling)
I’ve got you, kitty!
Oh! Thank you!
Look! A flying pup!
Pups can’t fly, son.
BOY:
Yay!
(Barking)
\hCables!
It’s safe to get out now.
Thank you!
Whoa!
It looks even bigger from
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthe air.
\hBeing a pilot is really hard
work. Stop here, Jean-Clawed.
I want to have some fun and
\hbuild more of my kingdom.
(Squawking)
Perfect. Nothing on my eagle
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\heye radar.
The skies are all mine.
Remember what Ryder said.
It’s not a real eagle.
\h\h\hIt’s just a jet.
I think this is close enough.
Now let’s see who’s flying
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthis thing.
Huh? Jean-Clawed?
(Laughing)
\h\h(Gasping)
It’s the Duke!
And that looks like...
the Gem of Barkingburg!
Skye to Ryder and mission team.
Go ahead, Skye.
The pilot of the eagle jet is
\h\h\h\h\h\h\halso the thief!
It’s the Duke of Flappington!
(All gasping)
\h\h\h\h\hMy cousin?
My word!
He’s put the gem in a scepter
\h\hand is using it to zap
Barkingburg into the sky!
Then the only way to stop him is
to get that gem back.
Do you think you could grab the
scepter with your hook?
I’ll have to fly closer to
\h\h\h\h\h\hhis eagle jet
but I’ll try!
You can do it, Skye!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hEVEREST:
We’re coming to help you,
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hteam leader!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBOTH:
(Barking) Stealth mode!
I’m shocked someone from
\h\h\h\hthe Royal Family
would have such bad manners.
Even if he is from a
distant branch.
We’ve got to get out of here
\h\h\h\h\h\hand help, pups!
\hI think I found just what we
need to make our great escape.
Don’t lose it, re-use it!
Ready? Pull!
(Groaning)
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hYay!
We did it!
Alright!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hHurrah!
Go on up, everyone!
(Barking, howling)
Whoa! Next stop, the moat!
Yuck! Moats are so wet!
Whoa. Look at Barkingburg!
(Gasping)
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hOh dear!
Oh my!
Robo-Dog. Come in.
Bring the mission cruiser back
\h\hto the castle, and hurry!
(Barking)
We’ve got to get that gem away
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hfrom the Duke.
(Gulping nervously)
Okay, I’m going in.
I’ll be right behind you.
Yo también. Me too.
(Barking) Hook!
Augh!
Oh no! I’ve ruined our cover!
The Duke will see us!
(Squawking)
What?
Well, well, well.
Three little pilot pups!
So you thought you could sneak
\h\h\hup on the big bad bird?
Jean-Clawed! Activate..
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthe claws.
\h\h\h\h\hSKYE:
Uh-oh! Look out!
Ay-ay-ay!
Skye! The Duke has us!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSKYE:
Oh no! Sorry, team!
This is all my fault!
It’s that pup who’s afraid
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hof eagles!
Don’t just sit there, come on!
(Squawking)
Yoo-hoo! Is this what
\hyou’re looking for?
Don’t worry about us, Skye!
Sí! Yes! Go for the scepter!
How can I get it without getting
too close?
Maybe if I close my eyes.
You’ll have to try harder to get
it from all the way up there!
Heh, I knew she’d fly
\h\h\h\h\haway scared.
So, Jean-Clawed, what should I
\h\h\hadd to my Kingdom next?
Oh! Maybe a Barkingburger
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hrestaurant?
All this king-ing is making me
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hhungry. Whoa!
Did I do it? I did it!
Now to fly away from this eagle!
Don’t look at me, I can’t fly!
\h\h\h\h\h\hFetch my scepter!
(Squawking)
Augh!
I lost it!
She’s diving too fast!
Pull up, Skye!
I’m too low!
No one can stop the King
\h\h\h\h\h\hof the Sky!
(Laughing manically)
(Sighing)
Ryder was counting on me to
\h\h\h\h\hlead this mission,
and all I did was get my
\h\h\h\h\hteam captured.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSWEETIE:
Ugh, that sneaky Duke
\h\hstill has my gem!
Cah-cah-caw!
(Squawking)
Cah-caw, caw-caw!
(Screeching)
(Laughing)
My kingdom is almost complete.
All I need now a kingly home
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hto rule from.
(Grunting)
Whoa, whoa!
Let’s get out of here, Buzby!
♪
Uh-oh!
Everyone, brace yourselves!
(Rumbling, cracking)
Not the castle! All my friends
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hare up there!
I was supposed to stop the Duke
but I let everybody down.
Higher! Higher!
I want my castle to look over
the entire kingdom.
Whoa! This is high!
Everyone, stay close to
\h\h\h\h\h\hthe castle.
Help!
\h\h(Gasping)
The Princess!
We have to do something, Buzby.
Everest, we have to get out
\h\h\h\h\h\hof these claws!
I’m trying, but they’re
too strong!
Cah-caw-caw-ca--
augh!
\h\h\h\hNo one puts my Princess
in danger and gets away with it!
♪
Yes! We did it, Buzby! We broke
the Duke’s beam!
Wait! What’s wrong with my jet?
Buzby?!
Behold! King Duke’s flying cas--
(Squeaking)
\h\h\hWhat?!
(Grumbling)
It’s not your castle and it’s
\h\h\h\h\hnot going anywhere!
(Laughing, snorting)
(Cheering)
The castle is saved!
Yay!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hYes!
Hear that, Buzby? I knew they’d
all be cheering for me one day!
(Cheering)
They’re safe! Sweetie came
\h\h\h\h\h\hback to help.
She didn’t run from trouble,
\h\hshe flew right into it!
Sweetie took the castle
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI took!
Well, if I can’t have it, I’ll
\h\h\h\h\hmake sure my cousin
can’t have it either!
(Clock bonging)
Hm... come on. I have
\h\h\h\h\ha big idea.
I’m the only one left who can
\hstop him! I have to do this.
Ryder! I’m going to complete
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthis mission,
starting by getting you off
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthat ledge!
I knew we could count on you!
\h\h\hALL:
It’s Skye!
All right! Yes!
(Barking) Hook!
Climb on, everyone!
Come on, guys!
All right!
Let’s go! Whoa!
(Laughing)
Thanks, dudes!
We’re all aboard, Skye!
♪
Woohoo! Thanks, Skye! Yay!
Well done, Skye!
Thank you so much for the lift!
No problem. Now I’m going after
that eagle jet!
(Barking)
Good timing, Robo-Dog!
\h\h\h\h\h\hLet’s get to Mission
Headquarters and gear up, pups!
(Barking)
Okay, this is it.
(Squawking)
Her again?
Turn us around. We’ll scare her
off once and for all.
(Screeching)
(Gasping)
\h\h\hI’m doing it!
And I’m not scared!
(Barking, howling)
Now I’ve got a gem to get and a
Duke to stop!
Let’s see how brave she is
when my other eagles come
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hout to play.
Hit it, Jean-Clawed!
Eagle Drones!
Look out, Skye!
They’re coming for you!
No problem!
♪
Maybe just a couple
\h\h\h\hmore drones.
Look out, Skye! There are more
\h\h\h\hcoming up behind you!
Copy that! Thanks, Sweetie!
I’ve gotta shake them.
♪
I’ll never get the gem with all
these drones on my tail!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hRYDER:
Hey, Team Leader Skye!
It looks like you could use
\h\h\h\h\hsome air support.
\h\h\h\h\h♪ PAW Patrol ♪
Ryder!
We’ll take care of these drones.
You get that gem from the Duke.
Let’s jet to the rescue!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hALL:
(Barking) Rescue mode!
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
How did those pesky pups escape
from the castle?!
And why do they all have
\h\h\h\h\hto have jets?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hRYDER:
Pups, I’ll lead the drones away
and you round ’em up!
Roger! Flying Ace Chase is on
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hthe case!
(Barking) Winch!
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
Got ya!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hROCKY:
Let’s recycle the trash!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hRUBBLE:
Rubble on the jet-speed double!
Hey! Those drones are not
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hgarbage!
\hEverest! Tracker! Get ready to
make a turbo-fast break for it!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hEVEREST:
(Howling) Thanks, Skye!
\h\h\h\hTRACKER:
Muchas gracias!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSKYE:
Ready, set, let’s jet!
\h\h\hDUKE:
Oh, phooey!
I’m ready for a high-flying
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hrescue!
(Barking) Water cannon!
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Jet to the rescue ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Jet To The Rescue Pups ♪
High five, Everest!
Really high!
All my little eagles!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hGone!
They can’t do this to me!
I’m the King of the Sky!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSKYE:
You aren’t the king
\h\h\hof this Skye!
Land your jet and give back the
Gem of Barkingburg!
Let me think about that. Um. No!
Cah-caw-caw! Jean-Clawed, send
\h\h\h\hthis pup running home
while I take care of the castle.
(Clock bonging)
You don’t scare me anymore!
And this pup doesn’t run,
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hshe flies!
(Screeching)
\h\h\h\h\h\hGot ya!
(Confused squawking)
Jean-Clawed! I’ll get you!
\h\hBut first I have to drop
something off at the castle.
Time flies when you’re
\h\h\h\h\hhaving fun.
If I can’t have the castle,
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hno one can!
(Gasping)
Oh no! The castle!
Whoa!
Oh no! He’s going to drop it
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hon the castle!
(Gasping)
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hNo!
Time's up.
Say bye-bye to Barkingburg
Castle!
(Laughing)
SKYE:
Say bye-bye to the gem!
No!
♪
(Cheering)
Now that's what I call "stopping
the clock!"
SKYE:
Okay, team! Let's put Big Benji
back where it belongs!
MARSHALL:
All right! We did it!
(Howling)
SKYE:
Your Highness, catch!
Bravo, Skye! Now I'll take
back my gem.
(Cheering)
Being a King was way harder than
being a Duke anyway.
Jean-Clawed, get us out of here.
Oh, right.
(Squawking)
That Duke so needs to be
grounded!
He's making a run for it!
This one's mine, Mission Team.
This puppy's gotta fly!
Her again?! Pfft, she can't
out-fly me!
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
We can't shake her! Full power,
Jean-Clawed!
(Squawking)
Yes! Full power!
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
So long, little pu-uh-uh--
what's happening?!
Jean-Clawed, I'm taking away
your pilot's license!
(Squawking)
The Duke is pushing his engines
too hard. They're gonna--
Oh no.
(Screaming)
I'll get you!
(Barking) Hook!
(Grunting)
My engines are heating up!
I can't hold it much longer!
I did it!
We're on the ground?
I landed my eagle jet!
I am the best pilot ever!
(Squawking)
(Laughing)
♪
Oh. Hello! I was just going for
a little walk...
back to Flappington.
(Squawking)
You're not going anywhere, Duke!
Except back to Barkingburg to
face the Princess!
Mission accomplished, pups!
All right!
Awesome!
We did it!
(Howling)
Outstanding job,
Team Leader Skye.
Thanks for believing in me,
Ryder.
Once I got over my fears, I
believed in me too.
Princess, I present you with
the Gem of Barkingburg.
Thank you, Earl! How
does it look?
It sparkles and shines!
What's gonna happen to the Gem
of Flappington, your Earlness?
It will be stored in the
Royal Vault
to keep it out of the hands of
mischief-makers.
I shall only use the power of
the gems to protect
my beloved people of
Barkingburg...
unlike my badly-behaved cousin.
Cousin, I do hope you didn't
take my little
birthday prank seriously!
ALL:
Prank?!
I've got this.
Help me take the Gem of
Barkingburg
and I'll share the power and
the throne with you.
He tried to get me to
work against you, my Princess!
I'd say that's all the proof you
need, Your Highness!
You can't blame a Duke
for trying.
Of course I can! But to make up
for what you've done,
I'll give you a chance to make a
clean start in life.
Keep cleaning, Jean-Clawed!
The sooner we're done,
the sooner we can get back
to Flappington.
When you're finished with
Sweetie's pup house,
you can move on to
your next job.
Scrubbing the moat!
PAW Patrol, all of Barkingburg
thanks you
for saving the realm!
(Cheering)
You're welcome, Princess.
Whenever a royal relative is up
to no good, just yelp for help!
(Laughing)
(Gasping) Stop, thief!
(Barking)
Naughty Sweetie!
You know I can't let you play
with the Gem of Barkingburg.
But for being such a loyal pup,
how about a new tiara?
My Princess, just knowing the
PAW Patrol
couldn't have saved the day
without me is reward enou--
Oh, it's so shiny!
Speaking of rewards, step
forward, Skye!
Me?!
For going above and beyond the
call of duty,
I hereby announce you
the very first
Knight of the Heart of
Barkingburg!
I'm honored, your Highness!
Let's hear it for Skye!
Pup, pup...
ALL:
Hooray!
EARL:
Pup, pup!
ALL:
Hooray!
Psst, Skye! Don't forget the
Princess's birthday present!
(Gasping)
Oh, right!
♪
Best birthday ever!